Update test-cases metadata to improve the test process (#997)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/README.md

- Nodejs >= 10

> > Always refer to the [2.X Release Testing Workflow](https://github.com/RHCloudServices/integreatly-help/blob/master/qe-guides/2.x-release-testing-workflow.md) on how to create the Jirat tasks during the release testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Always refer to the [2.X Release Testing Workflow](https://github.com/RHCloudServices/integreatly-help/blob/master/qe-guides/2.x-release-testing-workflow.md) on how to create the Jira tasks during the release testing
```

> > Use the `--help` flags to get the full documentation of all avialble flags ([Command-line interface Built-in usage help](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface#Built-in_usage_help))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use the `--help` flags to get the full documentation of all available flags ([Command-line interface Built-in usage help](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Command-line_interface#Built-in_usage_help))
```

>
> ```bash
> /tools.sh jira --help
> ```

> To create a tasks for each test case in in Jira under an epic use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create tasks for each test case in in Jira under an epic use:
```

JIRA_USERNAME=ju JIRA_PASSWORD=jp POLARION_USERNAME=pu POLARION_PASSWORD=pp ./tools.sh polarion testrun --epic INTLY-5390
```

## Test Case Metadata

### Tags

> Tags are used to define specific behaviors for the test case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tags are used to define specific characteristics of a test case.
```

- `automated` Indicates that this test case is already automated and that it doesn't need to be executed manually
- `per-build` Indicates that this test case should be executed on each build even if passed in the previous one
- `per-release` Automatically generated if the `targets` field is set, and it indicates that the tests will be executed on each release

E.g.:

```
---
tags:
  - per-build
---

# Z00 - Verify
```

### Components

The component field is used to decide which tests should be added in the next release.

- `product-3scale` 3Scale minor or major product upgrades
- `product-amq` AMQ minor or major product upgrades
- `product-fuse` Fuse minor or major product upgrades
- `product-codeready` CodeReady minor or major product upgrades
- `product-sso` SSO minor or major product upgrades
- `product-ups` UPS minor or major product upgrades
- `product-data-sync` Data Sync minor or major product upgrades
- `monitoring` Monitoring stack changes or upgrade
- `openshift` Special component using for testing OpenShift upgrades

### Targets

> The Targets define against which release the test case would have to be executed the next time. This is useful to include or exclude the test cases form a specific release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Targets tag defines against which release the test case is going to be executed next time. This is useful to include or exclude the test cases form a specific release.
```

Author: Actually **targets** is a filed not a tag, if I put `Targets tag ...` it will be confusing

If the Targets is not defined then the tests will be marked as per-release and would be included in all releases.

In this example the test case `Z00` would be included in the `2.7.0` and `2.9.0` releases but excluded from any other release:

```
---
targets:
  - 2.7.0
  - 2.9.0
---

# Z00 - Verify
```

### Automation Jiras

As new manual test cases are being added, there should also be corresponding automation tasks for them in JIRA. Each manual test case for which automation task exist should have `automation_jiras` in its metadata pointing to the automation jira, e.g.:

```
---
automation_jiras:
  - INTLY-7421
---

# Z00 - Verify
```

## Prettier

> > All of the test cases must be prettify before being committed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All of the test cases must be `prettified` before being committed
```

JIRA_USERNAME=ju JIRA_PASSWORD=jp POLARION_USERNAME=pu POLARION_PASSWORD=pp ./tools.sh polarion testrun --epic INTLY-5390
```

## Test Case Metadata

## Environments

> The environment field specify against wich environment/setup the test need to be executed.

Reviewer 2: Should we have a tag for private cluster also here?

Author: yes is the `osd-private-post-upgrade` environemnt
